It's beautiful here. Absolutely
beautiful. But it's almost
>> coal coal mine.
>> Coal mine
>> coal mine explosion.
>> Yeah.
>> I hope. Welcome back to Afghanistan. I'm
currently traveling through the remote
Hindu Kush mountains. And so far I've
been given a knife.
>> You're going to give me your knife.
>> Gift. Met Robert Downey Jr.'s Afghan
twin.
>> That was a bit scary.
>> And become the talk of an entire town.
In this video, I'll find out just how
quickly your plans can be completely
turned upside down here.
>> Okay, I'll stay here tonight. Yay.
>> I'll break down emotionally. And I'll
find myself in a situation that can only
be solved by turning to a Taliban
commander for help.
>> So, I can't believe I'm about to say
this, but I'm on my way to a Taliban
compound to ask them if they can arrange
me transport through some pretty sketchy
mountains in Afghanistan.
>> Enjoy.
Do you want to see what $4 a night gets
you in uh the middle of the mountains,
Afghanistan?
All you bloody need.
All to myself for $4. You got Mecca up
there. You got somewhere to sleep.
Doesn't get better than that.
>> Morning, chaps.
How are we? Okay. Right. Then the plan
for today, we're going to go and see my
friend who runs the pharmacy here. If
you didn't watch the last video, here's
a little recap.
>> Oh my god, bro.
>> And then we're going to be heading to a
coal mining town about an hour from
here. I've got liters of water coming
out of my bum. So, uh, I'm going to
probably take a taxi instead of
hitchhiking it. But from there, I think
I'll be able to get in a coal mining
truck all the way out of the mountains.
Let's go.
Welcome to Lower Daris Suf. A place
where very very little if any hi brother
foreigners have ever been. Few
foreigners that is since a team of CIA
operatives teamed up with Afghan
warlords to fight the Taliban in 2001 in
this town. This mission was actually
depicted in the movie 12 Strong with
Chris Hemsworth, which is ironic because
I get told that I look like Chris
Hemsworth if he was a methhead. I need
to be careful not to not to film the
women. There are women uh doing some
shopping at the market and I shouldn't
be filming them, I don't think. Wow,
look at all the women. When I was in
Mazar Sharif before, some of the women
had their faces uncovered. Uh but here
it seems like pretty much every woman is
completely completely covered. A few of
them have their eyes open.
>> Let's surprise Abdul Malik.
Hands up. Hey,
>> how are you?
>> How are you, my brother?
>> How are you, my brother? Good to see
you.
>> How are you right now? Are you fine?
>> I'm very fine.
>> Thank you.
>> I'm very fine. I had a nice sleep.
>> Have a seat, please.
>> I will have a seat. Let's I'll come and
work with you for the day in the
pharmacy last night. Well, I met Abdul
Malik yesterday. He took me to a hotel
and then we went for some dinner
>> and he said, "Hi, everybody." He said,
um, he said, "Let's say hi." Hello
everybody. Salam alaikum. Salamkum. The
entire town has come out to see me. Last
night he took me to a hotel and then
>> of tea.
>> Um I tell you what I tell you what I
need. Abdalik and Abdalik is a
pharmacist.
>> My stomach is a bit
>> not good. Okay.
>> So I need
>> you have electrolyte. Electrolyte
>> like powder
>> in water and and it makes the you know
electrolyte.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't have
>> You don't have What kind of What kind of
pharmacy is this guys? Hey, what kind of
pharmacy is this? None of these guys are
customers, by the way. They're just um
>> they're just coming to uh say hello. So,
last night Abdul Malik took me to to a a
hotel and then we had dinner and he
said, "This is a very very safe town,
right?"
>> But then he said, "It's a very very safe
town."
>> But he said, "But let's take you to a
safer hotel."
>> Asalam alaikum, brother. Good to see you
again, my friend. Abuja.
>> Abuja. Tik Tok.
>> My name is Michael.
>> Yes. Tik Tok.
>> Tik Tok.
That's crazy that we're we're all the
way out here in the mountains of
Afghanistan and even an elderly man
knows what Tik Tok is.
>> I didn't meet that man yesterday.
>> We did meet yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, we
did meet yesterday in the market.
>> Lovely.
>> Um, so
>> do you want a salty peas? He stores
>> some salty peas. Okay, sure. I would
love some salty peas. Yes, thank you
sir. Thank you so much.
>> I want to say that that one is also
married. How old How old are you, bro?
>> Shanza 15 years old.
>> He's 15 years old and he's married. This
young man here is 15 years old and he's
married. How long have you been married
for?
>> About 10 months.
>> 10 months.
>> I'm I'm 29 years old and I'm still not
married. Can you believe that?
>> I know.
But not good. Not good.
>> Uh, these guys haven't obviously seen
many foreigners before. Does anyone have
any questions for me?
[Music]
>> It's crazy that, you know, I'm walking
through this market now. Every single
pair of eyes is on me. If I'd have been
walking down this street 5 years ago, 6
years ago, it would have been a death
sentence.
>> Sorry, brother.
Are you fine?
>> How are you, my friend? I'm very fine.
Do you think black suits me more or or
or white or a white color?
>> Black.
>> You think black? Cool.
>> What if I
>> That is good, bro.
>> 100 Afghani.
>> 100 Afghani. So that's about $15.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Abdalik, I noticed that um when I was in
Mazar Sharif,
>> many of the women had their faces
uncovered,
>> but here it seems to be that they are
fully covered.
>> Why is that?
>> I think because it's place is different.
>> So this is like probably more
conservative.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's a bit more conservative.
Can you tell me a little bit about what
this place would have been like
before the Taliban regime took over in
2021? In that mountains was uh it means
the places that there was the soldiers.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh in that places
>> which soldiers would they have been?
>> Uh previous
regime republic regime here was
>> uh and after that when Taliban came here
>> they would come down. Yeah. They come
down
>> and uh the Taliban came there. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And then they take all of the
city.
>> They take they took the city. And do you
remember that what that day was like?
>> Well, it was not it was good for some.
>> It was good for some
>> Ronaldo.
>> It was good for some and also bad for
some of course
>> different for everyone.
>> But it was it was change right so it was
a kind of was it a scary time or
>> Yeah.
The pupil don't scare it.
>> No. Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Don't discourage
it.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. because they have a a knowing with
Taliban before
>> because originally the Taliban were
rural fighters. They were in the
mountains and and the the farmers the
farmers all supported them
>> and in the cities
>> they supported the government forces.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you remember there being
>> you know did you hear gun gunfire and
did you hear actual fighting happening
here?
>> Fighting it was a lot bro
especially at night. Yeah,
>> especially at night it was very uh it
means hard wars, pupil heists in their
homes and houses
and that was it. And in the days also uh
sometimes was very hard.
>> How are you sir? Very good to meet you,
sir.
>> What happened to your arm, brother?
>> She should hate
>> in the wars before just before I say
standing against Russians and others.
>> It was one of
>> bad results.
>> Can you tell me the story of of what
happened? Is that okay?
years ago.
>> Thank you.
My friend, thank you so much. You take
care my friend.
[Music]
Good.
Ah going to security.
>> These guys are Taliban.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> They want to go to you to another
security station just for
>> just for checking.
>> Not this security station.
>> No, no, no, no. That is another uh
>> Okay.
Can you explain to them that yesterday
we did actually go and say hello and
they told us
they want to go to another security
station just for checking not any
problem.
>> Okay.
>> Just check your papers and then
>> Perfect. Thank you.
>> So that was a nice little um 30 minute
meeting with the Taliban. Then there
must have been probably in there.
>> 12 12 people in there, you think?
>> Yeah. Yeah. How about
>> And they checked my passport and to see
if my permits were correct. And and I
actually didn't know this, but I don't
have a permit for this region. Uh but
they said it was okay. Hello, sir.
>> What do you do here?
>> I am a tourist.
>> Tourist. Tourism.
>> TOMORROW.
>> OKAY. Thank you, sir. Yeah.
>> And now I'm back in the pharmacy with
all of my all my new friends. Say hi.
>> Say hello.
>> We've literally got people uh in the
shop and also outside the shop now. Uh
looking in. You're not married yet, are
you? Married?
Not married yet? Okay. We still got a
few. He's married. Yeah. Who else is
married? You're single at the moment,
brother. Me, too. That's okay. Single
Pringle. Ready to mingle.
>> You look like this.
>> Wa.
Ah, I've got my electrolyte rush here.
I've had a very bad stomach, everybody.
So, uh, yeah. So, I've drinking some
electrolytes in the pharmacy. I feel
like I'm doing a standup comedy gig, but
I've forgotten all of my jokes.
>> How are you, sir?
>> Good to meet you, sir.
>> So, is that when I say goodbye to you
now? Yeah, if you brother,
>> what can I help you? Really?
>> Nothing. No, no, no. Nothing. Nothing.
I'm just going to miss you a lot.
>> Please save
>> nothing. Okay.
>> I'm going to miss you a lot. Thank you,
bro.
>> Thank you, my brother.
>> Goodbye.
>> I'm going to miss you a lot. You take
care, brother. Listen, so good to meet
you. Thank you so much. I I couldn't
have done this without you. Thank you,
brother. Thank you. Okay, everybody.
Let's go.
>> Time to get out. Take take care,
everyone.
>> Right. It is time to leave lower Das
Dis.
I'm going to try and get a cab. My
stomach's [__] So, I'm going to try
and get a cab heading south. I don't
know how easy that's going to be. Let's
go.
>> Let's go. How much do I pay?
>> How much, brother? 50.
>> Okay. Okay. Let's go.
>> Goodbye, brother.
>> Goodbye, brother. Thank you so much.
Goodbye. Goodbye, brother.
>> Okay. Goodbye, everybody. Thank you.
>> Lovely time in this new town.
>> If you come to Daddy Sof, you'll meet
all these lovely people. Say hi. Goodbye
everybody.
Everybody, let's go.
Goodbye everybody.
>> I just got into this taxi. Um, and he
said it was 50 Afghani.
Maybe. He said it was 50 Afghani, which
is like.7.
So, I don't think he's taking me where I
want to go.
cuz it's like an hour and two hours
away.
>> Uh yeah, I was right. That was like
about 8 minutes drive. I think we're
going to try to hitch a ride now.
>> You go to Bandamir.
>> There's no room to go to Bandandy with
you guys. There's no room. How am I
going to fit in there?
Okay.
Otherwise, I will travel with a truck
driver halfway.
>> Understood.
>> Um
or
I want to go Bandandy.
>> Here's the issue I was facing. There are
two routes to Bandandy. this one that
the taxis use that goes all the way
around the mountains or this one which
runs straight through the remote coal
mines to the south. If I wanted to
complete my goal of traveling this
remote part of Afghanistan, this is the
one I need to take.
>> Let's go. They speak English where
>> my friend your friend.
>> My friend.
>> Your friend has speak English. My
friend, you are speak English.
>> Okay, let's go.
>> Let's go. There's this one road, okay,
that that leads directly to the the lake
that I'm trying to visit.
>> And I'm pretty sure cars can't take that
road because the road's so bad. So, I'm
pretty sure that that guy is going like
all the way around, which I don't want
to do.
>> Brother, you speak English?
>> Yay. Cool, man.
>> Okay, brother. What's your name?
>> So,
you want to go from You want to go
tomorrow morning? We want tomorrow
morning from here. You want tomorrow
morning? You want to be tonight here?
>> Yes. Because I want to reach Yes.
Exactly. So, okay. So, do you have any
here place here?
>> No. No. No. No.
>> You should be here tonight.
>> Okay.
>> From early tomorrow morning 5:00 or 4
a.m. You should you should go from here.
>> It takes 10 hours.
>> The the the trucks take this road
whereas the cars go to Bamean first.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I know it. Cool. Yeah. Yeah.
You should do by track because the
people of Afghanistan are brave and
hospitable.
>> And you can be with us here if it is
possible for you.
>> Okay. Sure. Where is your home? Is your
home here?
>> My home is No, my home is back of the
hospital.
>> Maybe I'll stay with you guys and then
early morning tomorrow we leave.
>> Yeah. Okay. Good.
>> Okay. I'll stay here tonight. Yay. Thank
you, sir.
[Applause]
>> So, I'm going to stay here tonight in
the morning early.
I'll try and catch a ride through the
mountains.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just just get with you just
tonight. Yeah.
>> Stay with you tonight, my brother. Thank
you so much.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I help you. Okay. Don't
worry.
>> Thank you, brother.
>> Just be here. That's good.
>> Okay. I'll rest here.
>> Yeah.
>> Salamkum.
>> How are you, brother?
>> Fine.
>> Yeah. Very good. Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks, Najib.
>> From the UK, bro. I'm from England.
>> Thank you. This is my new friend, Najib.
and they said it's too busy in the
market for me to be there. So they sent
me to here.
>> Thank you, Najib.
>> Since I was now going to be staying in
this town for another day, I thought it
would be wise to introduce myself to the
local security commander. This is a good
way to not only build some kind of
rapport, but it also shows them that
you're not a threat. This meeting was a
tense but overall positive one. The
commander and I drank tea together. He
warned me to be careful in this area and
said that if I needed anything at all, I
can come to him. Little did I know that
only 24 hours later, I'd be forced to
take him up on his offer.
Right then, my friends, that was a nice
hourong meeting with the commander, the
Taliban commander of this town, Daris
Suf. This morning we were in lower
Darisuf and now we're in upper Daris
Souf. And I've got a new plan. I'm going
to be staying for the next couple of
days with my new friend Yosur and his
family
>> in Nice to meet you.
>> This nice to meet you too, brother.
Because
>> in a couple of days, the driver of your
family, right? The the the truck driver.
>> Yeah. The truck driver in my family. And
he will come back here after 2 days.
>> Yeah.
>> And the truck driver is going to be
going from here all the way to Bandandy
Amir, the place I'm going to. It's going
to be about two days on the road.
Apparently, the road is really, really
bad.
>> So, you and I and your SE for the next
couple of days
>> are going to be hanging out in this
Afghan mountain town. And I can't wait,
bro. I can't wait, dude.
>> I can't wait. I'm going to rest. I'm
going to get some work done and we're
going to explore this beautiful town.
Salamikum, brother. How are you?
>> Good to see you, brother. Good to see
you. Hello. How are you? But in the
meantime, this is where we're living for
the next few days, man.
>> Yeah.
>> How cool is this?
>> Yeah,
>> it's mountain. The commander said for
for us when you go somewhere, you need
to report for us because for security
issue and uh we don't have we we will
prepare something for you because you
should be safe. You should be safe. Why
this way? It's safe for us. Okay.
>> So, is it is it a safe area? It is a
safe area for you.
>> Yeah. But some people maybe could be
untrustworthy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Some people is not trustable
by this way. He said for us we should be
careful about everything.
>> Okay. We just need to check with the
Taliban. Uh not exactly where we're
going but we should just inform them.
I'm traveling here. I'm traveling there.
Uh just so they can kind of keep me
safe, right? Keep some tabs on me.
>> They always uh
>> I mean we are we are deep in the
mountains of Afghanistan right now. Deep
in the mountains. Uh very few foreigners
come through here, if any. Um so the
locals just aren't used to it. So, you
know, me me roaming around willy-nilly
uh you know, might not be the best idea.
But let's see.
>> We'll figure it out tomorrow, brother.
>> Yeah.
>> First, welcome to Afghanistan.
>> Thank you.
>> We are that we are so happy that you are
with us tonight.
>> Thank you, my brother. Thank you so
much.
>> Thank you, Michael.
>> Thank you, my chap. Thank you, my
friend.
>> You're welcome. Welcome. Welcome.
>> Let's see. Wow, look at this. So this is
>> that's very delicious.
>> This is delicious. So it's like a like a
salad
>> salad.
>> Okay. Nice.
>> When we had the meeting with the Taliban
yesterday, they asked me to to sleep in
the petrol station which is owned by
YA's father uh because it's closer to
their compound.
So me and your seal slept there. And
last night I met the local English
teacher who teaches English in that
building right there. And this morning
we're going to go and say hello to the
children.
>> It's going to be fun.
>> Great.
>> So before we go in, I just want to let
you know I'm not allowed to take any
videos of of the girls. The girls are
not allowed to be on camera.
>> How are you, my brother?
>> I'm fine. Good to see you, brother
again.
>> Brother, remind me your name. I'm so
sorry.
>> Uh my name is Amin.
>> Amin. Amen. This is Amin. Amin is the
local teacher, English teacher here at
the school.
>> So, what age do you teach, Armen?
>> U, it doesn't uh it doesn't matter for
us. So, at at different ages, we can
teach.
>> Okay. But the youngest, the the children
we're meeting today, how old are they?
>> Um, actually, the students that are now
inside, they are all, you know, bigger.
Yes. Yeah. They are
>> a little bit older.
>> Older.
>> I spent about an hour talking to the
students. There were two separate
classrooms, one for boys and one for
girls. It felt really good to just speak
to these kids in a normal way about the
world. You're about to see my immediate
reaction, but I just wanted to say that
this was an overwhelmingly
positive, rewarding, and beautiful
experience.
I've just come out of my session in a
school. It's actually not a school. It's
an extracurricular class. The youngest
child in there was 12 years old and the
oldest was about 16. Women in
Afghanistan, girls in Afghanistan are
not allowed to learn in formal schools
after the age of 11. But apparently they
are allowed to have these extra learning
English classes and they're allowed by
the Taliban. They're allowed by the
Taliban.
Now, one thing that really surprised me
was the questions they were asking me. I
was expecting them to say, uh, you know,
what's your favorite food? What's your
favorite who's your favorite football
player?
They were asking me serious questions.
What you what are your hopes for the
future of Afghanistan?
What do you think about
women not being educated in schools?
When they asked me what I thought for
the future of Afghanistan, you know, I'm
looking at these girls in the eye and
I didn't know what to say.
I can't say to these girls, "Hey, what
do you want to be when you grow up? Do
you want to be a doctor?
Do you want to be a a teacher?
Do you want to travel?
Do you want to be a lawyer?
The boys can. I can't say these things
to the girls."
So, I just said and and they knew what I
meant. I said, 'I hope, inshallah,
I hope that you are able one day to to
do what makes you happy. Um,
these girls were incredibly smart,
incredibly intelligent, and they are
very very aware of the situation they're
in. Very aware of the situation they're
in. Um,
it's very sensitive topic and and and
the Taliban will probably see this
video. you know, these women, these
girls, just a couple of years in this
part of the country will have to have a
full face covering and everything and
and and
they'll have to stay at home and and
they can't go anywhere without a man.
And and my heart goes out to them and I
hope I hope inshallah that they're able
to live the lives that they want to
live.
I I ask you where did you saw?
>> Yes.
So, so this part of Afghanistan is the
home of the Hzara people.
>> There are four main kind of
subnationalities, right?
>> Yes.
>> Hzara people, Tajiks, Usuzbcks and Pash
Pton.
>> Can you tell me about the Hzara?
>> Hzara people just rise up by knowledge
and by education. They are the every
time they defeat from the knowledge and
from peace from uh progressive like
these things.
>> Yeah. They are they are not satisfied
with war and other things.
>> Yeah. They're not fighters. They're
lovers educ. And they are educated
people.
>> Educated people.
>> Very cool. This is your home.
>> This is my home and this come from this
side. This house was made 50 years ago.
Okay. Mud.
>> Yeah.
>> Like it's made from mud.
>> And it's just it's uh strong material.
This strong. It's a strong hand.
>> Yeah. Yeah. This strong. Every year it
will repair by those ones that they are
living here.
>> What's the best one? This one?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> What is it?
>> The pear.
>> Pear.
>> Furry pear.
>> Yeah.
>> I can eat like this now.
>> No, you should you should first you
should wash it.
Wow.
>> This is Yasu's home.
Beautiful courtyard here with uh things
growing. A little a lotment here.
>> What's that?
>> Pumpkin.
>> This is my special room.
>> This is your special room.
>> Cool.
>> It was for kindergarten. Do you know the
supported by UNICEF?
>> UNICEF. Yeah.
>> UNICEF specifically support this
kindergarten.
>> When do the kids when are the kids when
do they learn here?
>> It is holiday.
>> Holiday is now. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> As I as I before I studied about those
guys that they were entrepreneur and for
example Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Mark
Zuckerberg and Jeff Bz because they
created new things for the world.
I had these dreams to create new things
for people and and it should be big
revolution for people and we should
bring
good and positive things for people
that
>> you're here in the village but you said
you you you studied in Kabul is that
correct? Yeah. Yeah. I studied Kavul. Uh
I was there for about uh eight years but
I started my university there for uh in
the field of technology computer science
>> on the second year of my education. Uh
the the the the government system
changed. After that I moved to Mazar
Sharif and I continued my education
there
>> uh on the field of computer science at
Aro University. When I graduated from
Aro University, I there was not a a
specific work on the field of technology
because many technologies company left
Afghanistan. But I'm still programming.
>> You're still programming in your spare
time.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And make database and web
development like this things.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh but uh but it is painful for me that
I cannot work in big company like for
example Google, Microsoft like this
things.
>> Yeah. I hope that uh again I hope that
you will have the opportunities in the
future to to to be able to do the things
that you want to do. Brother, this man
is is you know I just got so lucky again
meeting Yos yesterday uh in this
village. He is genuinely we've had so
many chats off camera that have been so
meaningful and so powerful and that he's
taught me so much just in the past 24
hours. So I thank you brother. I thank
you brother. Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> So we've got a new mission on our hands.
the ride that I had lined up for
tomorrow to take me through the
mountains. The truck driver's friend,
he's had a problem with his truck, so
he's not going to be going. Now, the
Taliban told me a few days ago, do not
flag down random trucks. They said it's
unsafe. They said it some people are
untrustworthy. So, they said, if you
need anything, you need a ride, you need
transport, come to us. So, I can't
believe I'm about to say this, but I'm
on my way to a Taliban compound to ask
them if they can arrange me transport
through uh through some pretty sketchy
mountains in Afghanistan.
I found myself once again sitting beside
the commander sipping hot green tea. But
this time I wanted something from him.
As we settled into small talk, a man
entered the room. He shook everyone's
hands, knelt before the commander, and
kissed the air beside his cheek.
He then pulled the Breta handgun from
his pocket and placed it on the floor.
The commander's face lit up. He removed
the clip from the gun and thanked the
man warmly. I asked the commander who
the man was. He said he was a family
friend and that whenever he passes
through town, he brings him a gift of
American firepower. I told the commander
I needed to head south through the
coalmine route, the one separating this
town from the lakes 200 km away. He told
me that the roads were brutal and that
only cold trucks made that journey. It
takes about 3 days. I told him I wanted
to travel with a truck. He nodded slowly
and then he said he'd arrange it.
Tomorrow morning at the petrol station,
one of his officers would be waiting.
I need to make something very clear.
Just because I sit in a room with these
men and show them respect and they
showed me respect, lots of respect, it
doesn't mean that I that I agree with
their way of doing things. However, when
you're in their country, doesn't matter
where you are, sometimes you need to
show that kind of respect. And for those
of you that might be thinking by coming
to Afghanistan, you're supporting the
Taliban.
Well, for me, the $150 that I spent on a
visa is nothing compared to the stories
that I can tell while I'm here. Being in
that school this morning, trying to give
some inspiration to those kids, meeting
people like Abdul Malik and Yasir and
hearing their stories. These kind of
experiences are invaluable and telling
these stories would be impossible
without coming here.
No need just enough
just to take the cartoon with my friend
was my close friend.
He's from England.
on the step there. You got it.
>> I just met uh Yera's
sister.
Um and she was so lovely, so so
beautiful and spoke such good English.
And I said I said, "Where did you learn
your English?" And she said, "I taught
myself." And she said, "I hope to go to
to the US or go to the UK one day." And
I just said thank you know
I hope
that you can and if you ever do please
come to visit me with your family
because your family have just been so
incredibly
I've been in this country four days man
and the um the humanity that I've
received
from your and his family and Abdul Malik
today.
It's just so It's so so beautiful. I
can't explain it. I can't explain it.
It's It's amazing. Uh I'm going to see
you on the next one. We're going to be
traveling. We're going to be traveling
through the mountains with um with some
trans transportation that the Taliban
have arranged for me. Uh and I'm sure
it's going to be really interesting.
Yeah.
>> Have you ever gone to mountain in
London?
Wow.
>> It's not good view.
>> No, it's nice. It's beautiful view.
>> It's beautiful here. Absolutely
beautiful. But it's almost
>> Oh, what?
>> Coal mine.
>> Coal mine explosion.
>> Yeah.
>> I hope I hope um these mountains are
absolutely beautiful. Absolutely
beautiful. But it's tainted in a way by
what happened here and how many lives
were lost here,
how many innocent people died here.
>> Okay, brother.
I'm going to end the video there.
>> I'm sorry it ended on such a sad note.
Um, but thank you so much. I respect you
and I love you
>> and I hope that we are friends for a
very long time.
>> Yeah,
>> completely.
>> And I'll see you on the next one
>> where we'll be traveling through the
mountains.
Four, three, two, one.